 Constitution  

CREATING A NEW 
STUDENT ORGANIZATION


Find a group of interested students and an advisor
Each group must have at least five (5) members, two of which will serve as President and Treasurer, and a full-time faculty or staff member to serve as Advisor.  Please click on the BoilerLink tab located at https://www.purdue.edu/b-involved/ and under Campus Links open Advisors Handbook for a current list of faculty/staff who have indicated an interest in being an advisor. Every organization must have an advisor!

Attend NEw ORGANIZATION/CONSTITUION leadership development WORKSHOP Please click on the BoilerLink tab located at https://www.purdue.edu/b-involved/ and sign in with your career account to complete registration.   (This will be available on the YouTube by October 2013)

 
Write a Constitution  
Please click on the BoilerLink tab located at https://www.purdue.edu/b-involved/ and sign in with your career account to complete the Purdue University Student Organization Constitution Template, which can be located on the SAO-Campus Life page in Documents.  Please remember that a well-written constitution should contain all necessary information in concise language. A reference for further assistance is Robert’s Rules of Order.  Constitution revisions can be made at any time, but they must be submitted to the SAO office for approval before they are to be considered official.  

Complete the start a new organization2013-2014 REGISTRATION on BOILERLINK
Please click on the BoilerLink tab located at https://www.purdue.edu/b-involved/ and sign in with your career account. Click on the Organizations Tab to find, and click to complete, the START A NEW ORGANIZATION button on the left side menu. 
	
Establish a Financial Account 
Financial accounts are established with the Business Office for Student Organizations (BOSO). This is only done AFTER you receive an email notification that your organization is now recognized by the university.  Click on BOSO (highlighted link above) to view guidelines for business accounts. 


Attend the required student organizations Leadership development workshops - Workshops are MANDATORY for every position 
Please click on the BoilerLink tab located at https://www.purdue.edu/b-involved/ and sign in with your career account to complete registration. Sign-up for Leadership development Workshops are located on  the SAO-Campus Life page. 
Please click on the BoilerLink tab located at https://www.purdue.edu/b-involved/ and sign in with your career account to complete the Purdue University Student Organization Constitution Template, which can be located on the SAO-Campus Life page in Documents.  Please remember that a well-written constitution should contain all necessary information in concise language. A reference for further assistance is Robert’s Rules of Order.  Constitution revisions can be made at any time, but they must be submitted to the SAO office for approval before they are to be considered official.  
